[ Man ] We’re beginning
our initial descent
into Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
Thank you
for flying United.
[ Chime Sounds ]
Reckon we’ll
be landin’ soon.
Phil, honey, you promised.
Not till we got there.
Okay.
This year,
we’re goin’ to a dude ranch
with the whole family.
Mm-hmm.
The family.
What if Dylan
buys his own ticket?
We’ll be sleeping
in separate cabins.
What if Dylan and I
share a horse?
Mmm. I hate landing.
We’ll get
through this.
[ Haley ]
Wow. It’s so pretty here.
What are you doin’?
I want my ears to pop.
Try putting
a little rouge on ’em.
Nobody gets me.
Wow!
Isn’t this beautiful,
little cowgirl?
You hate her sparkly
outfit, don’t you?
No, I told you, it’s fine.
I just didn’t like you
wearing a matching one.
So we haven’t told
the family yet, but we’ve
decided to adopt a baby boy.
From America this time.
You might say we’re
buying domestic.
In private.
You might say that
in private.
Our adoption attorney
told us it would be
a good idea...
to make a photo book to
show prospective moms.
Yes. But he thought
that Cam’s version was
a little too "artsy,"
so we’ve decided to take
a few rugged shots at the ranch
to, you know, balance it out.
I don’t think
it needs balancing out.
Really?
♪♪ [ Disco ]
It’s called
production value.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Horse Whinnies ]
Look. A horse!
[ Loudly ]
Look, Jay! So beautiful!
Your ears haven’t
popped yet, huh?
I’m like
the Horse Whisperer!
But something is making
this one skittish!
[ Dylan ] Whoa.
Look at the mountains.
[ Haley ]
They’re amazing.
I’ve never been this far from
home before.
Now I’ve never been
this far.
Now I’ve never
been this far.
Where’s a cliff
when you need one?
[ Jay ] Look, kids!
A real-life cowboy!
[ Claire ] Come over.
Come see, come see.
[ Claire ] Uh-oh.
[ Luke ]
What’s he doing?
Oh, my.
[ Jay ] Ooh!
[ All Exclaiming ]
[ Applauding ]
[ Claire ]
Yeah!
My name is Hank.
Here at the Lost Creek Ranch,
you’re gonna ride
and you’re gonna rope
and you’re gonna shoot.
You’re gonna see a sky
so full of stars, it’ll put
your city lights to shame.
And when it’s all done,
you might just encounter...
a piece of yourselves
you never knew was there.
Are there any questions?
Do we book spa treatments
through you or–
I like you, kid.
I’m gonna call you Hollywood.
Th-That wasn’t an answer.
And who’s
this cactus flower?
What?
That’s my wife, Gloria.
Well, she’s Cactus Flower now,
Old-timer.
These nicknames–
Are they set in stone?
Okeydokey.
You ready, gunslinger?
Heard word of trouble
in these parts.
Pull!
- That oughta fix it, eh, Jay?
- You got a piece of it.
I’ve been practicing
like crazy–
all my cowboy skills.
Shootin’, ropin’,
pancake eatin’.
Why? Because sometimes,
I feel like Jay doesn’t
respect me as a man.
It’s just that when you say
"Phil is my son-in-law,"
it sounds like
you’re saying, "Phyllis,"
comma, "my son-in-law."
That’s ridiculous.
Okay, who’s
your son-in-law?
Phil is.
I’m not asking for a hug.
I just want to get that look
of newfound respect.
Like–
[ Chuckling ] Oh!
Or–
Or– Mmm. Yeah.
Check it out.
Two birds, one leg.
Pull it!
- Not bad, eh, Old-timer?
- Huh?
See, Slappy only
had three fingers.
- What?
- He only had three fingers!
[ Gloria Laughing ]
[ Hank ] Who’s next?
[ Mitchell ] Oh, me, me.
Oh, this is good.
This is good.
Très macho.
No smile.
Don’t smile. Good.
[ Camera Beeps ]
[ Hank ]
You ready?
Wait,
do I say "Pull"?
[ All Shouting ]
Sorry, sorry.
Whoa!
Mitchell, why don’t you
go find Manny at the spa?
Wouldn’t that be more fun?
Yeah.
I realized that
if I was gonna raise a boy,
I needed to butch up my life.
You know, I wanted to be able
to teach my son all the things
that my dad taught Claire.
Hey, Hollywood.
I don’t love that.
- You wanna see something?
- [ Zipper Opens ]
Oh, my gosh!
Is that a firecracker?
Shh!
Now I just need to find
the perfect thing to blow up.
- Is that thing even legal?
- Not here. It’s from Germany.
If they had this during the war,
right now we’d all be
knee-deep in strudel.
[ Zipper Closes ]
- Watch it!
- What ya doin’, eh?
You readin’?
Trying to.
- I’m not so good at it either.
- I’m not surprised.
That was a joke.
I’m Jimmy Scrivano.
You want to see me
do a cannonball?
I’d rather see you
get hit by one.
Hah!
Good one, gorgeous.
Hyah!
[ Mooing ]
Jay! Is this
like the lobster?
Do I get to pick one for dinner?
Because this one
looks very tender!
Look alive, Old-timer!
One of your calves
is gettin’ away.
Somethin’ wrong
with my horse.
She’s veering left.
When this happened to my uncle,
it was a stroke.
Oh, there’s nothin’ wrong
with Buttercup. You just gotta
let her know who’s boss.
Beautiful form,
Cactus Flower!
Beautiful! You look like
a dadgum conquistadora.
She’s deaf,
but I can hear ya.
Why are you
riding that way?
I was afraid
that cow over there
might bite me.
Oh, yes, he’s gonna come up and
bite you because your leg looks
so desirable with those–
Are those canvas?
Okay, Phil, ease that one
back over towards me.
Got it.
Ease him back this way.
Hup-hup! Hey!
- Piece of cake,
huh, Jay?
- Huh?
- [ Hank ]
Ease that one over to Bossy.
- Which one’s Bossy?
[ Hank ]
That’s my nickname
for your wife.
- Hilarious.
- [ Mock Chuckling ]
Whoa. Whoa.
Go, Mom! Whoo!
Yo, Mom! You rock!
Oh, I wish I had a rock.
Hey.
It wouldn’t kill you
to be nice to Dylan.
It might.
What– Honey, I don’t know why
you always stick up for him.
Haley can do so much better.
Because I know what it’s like
to fall for a girl whose dad
thinks I’m not good enough.
[ Groans ]
All right. You’re right.
I can make more of an effort.
That’s the woman I love.
We take
a little break over here?
Layin’ some pipe?
No, sorry. I was just
talkin’ to Bossy.
Uh-huh.
Phil!
I’m sorry.
Jay, look!
I got this one!
[ Jay ]
She’s veering left again.
When we get back,
I’m gonna see if she can track
a pencil with her eyes.
Okay, Lily, I’m going
to push you one more time.
Now don’t kick me, okay?
[ Screams ]
Lily!
I said don’t kick me, okay?
You know,
it’s your own fault
that’s happening.
- Why don’t you try
standing behind her?
- You are an idiot.
Oh, really?
I ain’t the one
getting kicked.
Why are you following me?
Why are you fighting me
here, gorgeous?
This works.
I really, really
don’t appreciate you
calling me "gorgeous."
I just want to enjoy
time with my family,
so if you don’t mind–
Mmm–
[ Stammering ]
Not a problem.
See you around, sunshine.
[ Giggles ]
You kissed a boy!
No, the boy kissed me,
okay, Lily?
Boy kissed me.
♪ I rode a horse
for the first time today ♪
♪ I wasn’t surprised
when it went
"Neigh" ♪♪
- Hey, Dylan.
- Hey. Ms. Dunphy.
I was wondering
if we could have a little chat.
Uh– You want me
to go home.
No. No, it’s the–
the opposite of that.
- I want you to go home?
- Mmm. Mm-mmm.
No, I, um– I want you to know
how glad I am that you’re here.
Really?
[ Exhales ]
’Cause sometimes
I just get this vibe
you don’t like me.
No. Dylan, no.
I’m sorry.
I– I like you.
I– I like you a lot.
I just–
It’s complicated, because...
Haley’s my daughter.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa.
You are totally a hot mom,
but I can’t do this.
Oh, my God! Okay.
There’s– No, no.
I merely meant that
I’m sorry if I made you
feel unwelcome.
- Phew! That would’ve
been awkward.
- So awkward!
You know,
but for the record,
Ms. Dunphy–
Yes?
If Haley wasn’t
my girlfriend,
and Mr. Dunphy was
out of the picture,
I would be honored
to share your bed...
and raise Luke, Alex
and Haley as my own.
Okay.
Good talk.
[ Gloria ]
♪ She’ll be runnin’
down the mountain ♪
down the mountain
when she come ♪♪
The song ended
two minutes ago!
Well, I tell you what.
She could play Evita.
Really? You notice
the crickets left?
Anyone want more water?
Oh, Dad, I’ll take one.
Heads up.
[ Claire ]
Oh, my gosh.
It was– It was dark.
I couldn’t see it.
Thank you.
So, did you set off
the firecracker yet?
When I do,
you won’t have to ask.
First,
all the electronics
will go out.
Then comes
the heat flash.
Afterwards, the living
will envy the dead.
And yet I’m the one
on the no-fly list.
Know what? Maybe
next time I’ll just catch it
and then hand it to you.
Oh, okay.
[ Giggling ]
Yeah, let’s do that.
You do everything,
and I’ll do nothing.
Something on your mind?
This isn’t the right place
to talk about it.
Okay.
I– I’m just–
I’m not sure
if we should have
another baby.
What? Are you serious?
I think that we might
be rushing into this.
Rushing into it?
- We’ve been working on–
- [ Metal Clanging ]
Everybody.
It’s me, Dylan.
I just wanted to thank
you all for bringing me
on this trip...
and making me feel
like one of the family.
- Especially Bossy.
- Aww.
So, I can’t think
of a better time...
to ask something
of the woman
that I love.
Okay.
[ Nervous Chuckle ]
No, no.
Haley Gwendolyn Dunphy,
will you do me the honors
of being my lawfully wedded–
No. No, no, no, no!
No proposals! Not now.
Not gonna happen.
- She’s a child, so–
- Mom!
- You’re still in high school!
- I meant after she graduates.
Not then, not now,
not ever.
Seriously, what are you two
gonna live off of?
The royalties
from the horsey song?
Put it back in your pocket.
Would you stop it!
No, I won’t. I won’t.
No, it’s okay.
I guess I’ll just turn in.
Just so you know,
there’s a fan in my cabin that
sounds like someone crying.
Oh, God.
Dylan, wait!
I hate you!
Oh, come on!
Haley, get back here.
Phil? Anything?
I think you
said it all, Claire.
You want me to rope her?
I can, you know.
For what it’s worth,
my second wife
was in high school.
[ Rooster Crows ]
[ Cameron ]
Let’s do it again.
One, two, three.
Two, three.
Gone.
It’s gone!
It’s over there!
It’s not back there.
[ Lily ]
We counted to three!
Yes.
- Hey.
- Where have you been?
I slept on the couch
in the lodge.
- I know you didn’t want to
have a big fight last night.
- Well, I’m ready now.
Cam, I’m sorry.
Look, what if I can’t do
the father-son stuff?
The hunting, the– the sports,
The Three Stooges.
You know what happens in
real life when someone gets hit
in the head with a ladder?
They go to the hospital
and they get an M.R.I.
Never see that scene.
I think you’re
overthinking this.
You know, I love sports.
I love the Stooges.
We’ve got this covered.
No. No, you– you’ve
got it covered.
I’m just stuck
on the sidelines, pretending
to understand the rules and–
You know, my dad was a rough
and tumble guy, and I just–
I could never relate to him.
I don’t know. I just
don’t think I could handle
disappointing two generations.
I think you’re
more masculine than you
give yourself credit for.
[ Chirps ]
Oh, God!
Who puts a birdhouse
next to a porch?
Claire, I know that you’re
worried that Dylan is gonna
break Haley’s heart,
but I see in his eyes
that he’s gonna stick
with her forever.
No matter what,
he’s always going
to be with her.
- On your deathbed.
- Okay. All right.
I can’t take this anymore.
I’m gonna go find her.
No. You push too hard,
you chase her right
into his arms.
You’ll end up with a boob
for a son-in-law. Believe me,
you don’t want that.
- What’s that supposed to mean?
- What?
Hey, have you guys
seen Dylan?
No. No, why?
I’m not talking to you.
He said he was going out
for a walk last night,
and no one’s seen him since.
Sweetheart,
I’m sure he’s fine.
Maybe after last night,
he just went home.
Doubt it.
He left his luggage.
We have to do something.
If he doesn’t eat
five times a day,
he gets spacey.
What would that
even look like?
We’ll find him.
Hank?
We got a situation here!
What seems
to be the trouble?
We need to talk.
What?
You stole my first kiss!
What are you
talkin’ about?
I had it all planned out.
It was supposed to be special.
Someone with a high G.P.A.
and a bright future,
not a Mario Brother.
Fine! You know what?
I don’t even want your kiss.
Here, you can
have it back.
[ Muffled Grunt ]
There.
Now we’re even.
Keep it!
I don’t– I don’t
want it anymore.
What am I doing?
Okay, people.
Looks like we have a walker.
Right now he is facing
treacherous terrain,
sudden drops,
mountain lions, hungry bears–
oh, and wolverines.
That is, if the hypothermia
didn’t already get him.
[ Whispering ]
Why did we come here again?
So, our best bet
is to split up.
You two are gonna take
to the north hiking trail.
Can I go
with my dad instead?
Negative.
I need Buffalo Phil
and Old-timer
to check the Snake River.
Buffalo Phil.
Worth the wait.
Me and Cactus Flower will
ride on up to Destiny Ridge.
Maybe I should
ride up there with her.
Negatory. That trail is
for advanced riders only.
- We don’t need
another dead body.
- "Another"?
Let’s go!
Move ’em out.
Phil, help me saddle up
my horse, will you?
Well, look who’s suddenly needed
by his father-in-law.
Phyllis.
Phil... is.
Hey, Uncle Mitch.
What ya doin’?
Oh, hey.
Just– Just thinkin’.
You know, I’ve been
meaning to tell you,
you’re a super-fun uncle.
And I’m saying this
as a boy.
Uncle Cameron sent you
over here, didn’t he?
What? That’s hilarious!
No, I love how you and me
can joke like this.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
Luke, look. I don’t know
how much Cam told you,
but I don’t think
this is a problem
that you can help me with.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, good.
Got my own problem.
Wh– What’s that?
Can you keep a secret?
I kept a pretty big one
for 22 years, so–
I’ve got this new firecracker,
and I can’t decide
what to blow up.
Oh, Luke, that’s dangerous.
I know! That’s
what’s fun about it.
I don’t get boys.
What is so great
about destroying things?
It turns stuff into
flying chunks of stuff.
Okay. No. No.
Give it to me.
[ Scoffs ]
Fine.
I take it back.
You’re not that fun.
All right.
Hey, look, um–
We’ll do it together,
all right?
You just made
the best decision
of your life.
Okay.
[ Grunting ]
Damn it, Buttercup!
What the hell’s wrong
with this horse?
Jay.
Wow.
I want to talk to you
about that son-in-law crack
you made at breakfast.
Oh, I didn’t mean
anything by that!
I think you did.
I get that I wasn’t your
first choice to marry Claire,
but it’s been 18 years,
and there hasn’t been a day
when I wasn’t a loyal husband
to your daughter...
and a great dad
to your grandkids.
So if we’ve still got a problem,
now it’s your problem.
Phil, wait up.
Can I ask you something,
man to man?
Okay.
You notice anything funny
about that Hank character and–
Gloria?
Yeah, he’s hitting on her.
Why?
I knew it.
Where are you going?
Destiny Ridge.
Buttercup, hyah!
Seriously?
Okay. Okay, it’s clear.
After this, we’re gonna
have some angry birds.
Yeah.
It’s gonna be
Bye Bye Birdie.
It’s a big musical
from the ’60s.
No, forget it.
What you said.
Okay.
[ Hissing ]
Okay. Go!
Cool!
[ Chortling ]
[ Both Scream ]
[ Faint Pop ]
- That’s it?
- I’m sorry, buddy.
I brought that thing
all the way from–
Whoa!
[ Both Laughing ]
Cam!
I did a boy thing!
I blew up the birdhouse!
You should’ve seen it.
It was so awesome!
That’s great!
Yeah.
I think I can do this.
I mean, maybe not everything,
and maybe not right away,
and not The Three Stooges.
No.
But... I do.
I want a son.
I’m sorry I panicked.
Oh, that’s great.
Now maybe we can go back
to taking pictures for the book.
Yes! Pictures of me
blowing up stuff!
Okay. I see
we’ve overcorrected.
I know you think
I’m the mean mom who wouldn’t
let you marry your boyfriend,
but someday you’re
gonna realize I– I did
what had to be done.
No, you didn’t.
I was never gonna
marry Dylan.
I told him no.
You did? Thank God.
But it was my proposal
to turn down.
You know, you keep telling me
to act like an adult, but then
you don’t even give me a chance.
Well, I–
You sort of
got me there.
But, sweetheart,
I don’t expect you
to understand this.
I certainly didn’t
when I was your age.
I look at you as my baby,
and I always will.
It’s just what moms do.
I’m not a baby anymore, okay?
And I am never gonna
see Dylan again!
Dylan! Dylan!
What?
Where are you?
Wyoming!
- You’re okay!
- I had the craziest night.
When you rejected me,
I felt lost and scared.
And then
I went out on a walk,
and I felt a whole different
kind of lost and scared.
Then I fell asleep
in the stable,
and when I woke up,
I met this woman named Jake,
who’s strong like a man.
Then we had this long talk,
and he– she hired me.
Uh, wha– What do you mean,
she hired you?
I work here now.
So you’re staying?
Yeah.
What about us?
It could never work.
We’re from
two different worlds.
You’re a high school student,
and I’m a ranch hand.
I’m just–
I’m so glad you’re okay.
I really am. I am.
Thanks.
But we’re not supposed to
fraternize with the guests.
Right.
Dylan!
You got a voice
like a meadowlark,
don’t ya?
Dylan!
I sure am worried
about that kid.
Dylan–
He ain’t down there.
Oh, come on now.
You come up here
for the cowboy experience.
You’re lookin’ at him.
Do I look like the kind
of woman that would cheat
on her husband?
- Yes.
- Really?
Hey!
Think you better move away
from that woman.
Only we touch our women
when they don’t want us to.
Easy. Easy there, friend-o.
I wasn’t hittin’ on this filly.
This is all part
of the package.
If I didn’t
play the bad guy,
he wouldn’t get to ride up
and be the big hero.
He doesn’t need you
to make him a hero.
He’s a hero every day!
Why don’t you
do us all a favor?
Get back on your horse,
ride down to the lodge
and tell ’em–
Can you keep him still?
I’m trying to make a point.
I am.
Okay, okay, I’m gone.
Ma’am.
Wait.
Wait! There’s something
I want to say to you.
I will only be checking
"somewhat satisfied"
on our comment card.
Oh, geez.
I mean, he was great
with the kids.
I looked it up.
The distance between our houses
is 2,443 miles.
Yeah, but on some maps
it’s, like, this big.
God, you’re stupid.
[ Phil ] All in all,
it was a great vacation.
We may have lost a man,
but out there on the range,
under that great big sky,
we found a part of ourselves
we never knew was there.
Just like the horny cowboy
said we would.
No.
Oh, fine.